This file was created on 2021-05-20.

Here's a modification.

Here are some more changes.

Another new line with a whitespace at the end of it. 

You can't edit in read only editor in Visual Studio Code, but you can edit the (Working Tree) where modifications have taken place or are taking place. The (Working Tree) is displayed on the right side of Visual Studio Code's Editor while the unmodified, last commited version of the file is on the left side of the Visual Studio Code Editor.

git diff --check shows the lines of code that have whitespace issues such as this line of text/code. 

Include all changes for all tracked files that are and are not in the staging area by using "git commit -a"

-------------------------------------

I just learned something about --pretty=format that I can't believe I didn't realize when I tried it the first time. 

--pretty=format"can tell the difference between regular text and the specifiers which are denoted by a % sign in front or one of more letters. E.g.: %h"

E.g.: git log --pretty=format:"Author: %an -- Subject: %s -- Abbreviated Commit SHA-1: %h"

-----------------------------

Remove An Alias: 

To remove an alias created like so: git config --global alias.<aliasName> <command>

Remove, Unset Alias: 

git config --global --unset alias.<aliasName>

src = https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23512402/how-can-i-delete-a-git-alias

-----------------------------

I'm rereading the primary, 1st chapters, of the Pro Git Book, and now I'm practicing Branching and Merging again in 3.2 of it. 

Noel: you can learn git and keep getting better with git. Remember it.

TYGGFATIIGAWD.

The the file has been amended, so go ahead and merge the new-file-work branch into main.

P.S.

I created an alias called ss for the command "status -s". Oh yeah.

This will be in the commit directly after the merge commit I made when I merged the new-file-work branch into the main branch not to long after merging in the hotfix branch, both of which I have deleted because they are no longer needed. :)

I just created a branch called dumbidea and created a file in it called the-dumbidea.txt. I'm writing this line of code so that the main branch will be ahead of the dumbidea branch.

I created a branch called issue-100 and then I created a branch off of the issue-100 branch called issue-100-v2 so that I could practicing created a branch from a branch from the main branch. I'm going to delete the issue-100 branch and then merge in the issue-100-v2.txt to see what happens after reading about this in 3.4 Branching Workflow. The said you could through away the initial iss91 branch and keep, merge iss91v2. I think they meant by throw away, that that means the branch could be deleted and then the iss91v2 could be merged in without a problem as well as the dumbidea branch so I am testing my theory out. I hope it works.

Based on what ch.3-s.4 of the Pro Git book said about throwing away the issu91 branch and merging the iss91v2 branch...

I tried to delete my issue-100 branch with "git branch -d issue-100" and git rejected the command because I had unmerged commits in it, so I had to "git branch -D issue-100" to force delete the branch.

Then I chekced the "issue-100-v2" branch to see if everything was still there and it was.

After that I merged the "issue-100-v2" branch into my "main" branch.

I ran "git log" and skimmed through it and it seem like everything was okay.

Next I merged "dumbidea" and the merge appears to be successful too. 

TYGLLGA.